Create rule S6670 (#2538)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6670/why-dotnet.adoc

== Why is this an issue?

> https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.diagnostics.trace.write[Trace.Write] and https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.diagnostics.trace.writeline[Trace.WriteLine] methods are writing to the underlying stream directly, bypassing the trace formatting.

Reviewer: According to the SO answer, formatting and filtering are skipped.
```suggestion
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.diagnostics.trace.write[Trace.Write] and https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.diagnostics.trace.writeline[Trace.WriteLine] methods are writing to the underlying output stream directly, bypassing the trace formatting and filtering performed by https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.diagnostics.tracelistener.traceevent[TraceListener.TraceEvent] implementations.
```

> It is preferred to use https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.diagnostics.trace.traceerror[Trace.TraceError], https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.diagnostics.trace.tracewarning[Trace.TraceWarning] and https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.diagnostics.trace.traceinformation[Trace.TraceInformation] methods instead because they call the TraceEvent method with the specified trace event type (Error, Warning or Information). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is preferred to use https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.diagnostics.trace.traceerror[Trace.TraceError], https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.diagnostics.trace.tracewarning[Trace.TraceWarning] and https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.diagnostics.trace.traceinformation[Trace.TraceInformation] methods instead because they call the https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.diagnostics.tracelistener.traceevent[TraceEvent method] which filters the trace output according to the https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.diagnostics.traceeventtype[TraceEventType] (Error, Warning or Information) and enhance the output with additional information.
```
